# Openstack-Deployment

In this project, we have aimed to deploy an application on the openstack. Openstack is an open source cloud computing environment. In today’s world, because of the fast growth in the technology, clouding computing is everywhere, even if we don’t realize, many people use it in their daily life’s. The most obvious example would be google. Google search engine is using cloud computing, when something is typed in the search engine, that process is being conducted in a computer other than the computer that we have typed in the search engine. Thus, this system allows people to access more information than they could with their own computers. Other example areas that cloud computing is frequently used are platforms such as e-mailing. The e-mail’s being sent through and store in the cloud computing. Moreover, video streaming platforms such as Netflix, amazon prime, YouTube, twitch and so on. This platforms allow users to access and some of them on top allows them to stream on the internet by the use of cloud computing. Overall, cloud computing is making our lives better by providing an environment to run useful tools both from business and personal aspect. In this project, by using the infrastructure of the cloud computing thorough openstack, project team is deploying an application to encrypt and decrypt an input text. The code that does the encryption and decryption and also it’s integration with the API and the HTML page will be running in the openstack. The users will be able to excess this application through any computer and use it with an HTML interface. This interface will give the user two option box, one for encrypting and the other is for decrypting the text. After the text has been entered the to the related box, by submitting this text, application’s code will run in the openstack and an result will be produced. This result then will be displayed in the interface that the user is seeing. By this way, without the need of the computational power of the individual computer of the user, the application will be ready to executed whenever the user wants it. This allows users to access an application without the worry of performance since the cloud computing allocates the necessary computing power to the application and it will be reliable and cost effective, since it is ready to be used and user doesn’t have to purchase the computing power to execute the application.
